[Music]
are you ready for the summer to get in
shape fast you don't have to go to the
gym or buy any special equipment all you
need is ten minutes a day there's a
bonus at the end of the video a four
week plan that will transform you into a
fitness star in just a month don't miss
it
exercise number one plank a plank is a
static exercise you don't need to move
while doing it
simply holds your body in the correct
position prop yourself on your elbows
forearms and fore feet
keep your back perfectly straight don't
lower your waist or up raise your bottom
if you don't have difficulties keeping
your body in the elbow plank then
something is not right the muscles they
keep you straight are being worked such
as the abs are muscles back and anterior
thigh muscles
[Music]
exercise number two push-ups to do a
correct push-up assume the plank is the
initial position and then push yourself
up with your arms keep your back bottom
and legs and a straight line this will
strain your abs and your arms return to
the initial position as slowly as
possible
[Music]
exercise number three toning your thigh
and bottom muscle first prop yourself on
your hands and knees
then stretch one leg trying to keep it
straight and not letting it go to the
side or bend while raising and
stretching the opposite arm at the same
time after that do the same for the
other arm and leg it's easy isn't it
[Music]
exercise number three toning your thigh
and bottom muscle squatting is all about
bounds put your feet shoulder-width
apart
and stand on the soles of your feet
begin squatting as if slowly sitting
down on a low imaginary chair your knees
and feet should form a straight line
pull the small of your back end as far
as you can to keep the balance stretch
your arms out in front of you when
you're down start pushing yourself up
very slowly
exercise number five ab exercises want
to get a flat stomach fast fly in your
back and stretch your arms up
then slowly raise one of your legs bend
at the knee and touch it with your hand
return to the initial position and
repeat with the other leg and arm the
main rule here the left arm goes to the
left leg and the right arm goes to the
right one exercise number six abs and
buttocks drop yourself on your hands and
feet so that your body forms a triangle
above the floor raise one of your legs
as high as you can and then lower it
slowly and try to touch the tip of your
nose with your knee return to the
initial position and do the same with
the other leg exercise number seven ways
to perform the last exercise set your
legs widely apart and slightly bend at
the knees drop your back against the
wall then lace your fingers or take a
ball and slowly move your hands from
side to side trying to touch the wall
most importantly keep upright now here's
the bonus that we promised the four week
plan first we do the following set for
six days playing two minutes push-ups
one minute abs and thighs one minute abs
one minute abs and buttocks one minute
waste one minute plank
two minutes don't forget to have a ten
second break between the exercises
second we alternate the following sets
for six days also have a 15-second break
between the exercises set number one
flank three minutes abs three minutes
size and buttocks three minutes
set number two waist three minutes
push-ups three minutes abs and buttocks
three minutes
week number three repeat the first week
cent and week number four repeat the
second week sentence if you do
everything correctly you'll achieve
amazing results in just a month now as a
bonus you'll develop a habit of doing
this ten-minute set every day if you
want to improve your body even more than
double the effort are you visiting our
channel for the first time then click
Subscribe hit that thumbs up button if
you've enjoyed the video